This is your first group assignment.  One copy should be submitted per team.

Submission Instructions
For every assignment I will instruct you how you should name your file(s).  You must adhere strictly to this policy or you will receive a 0 for the assignment

What needs to be submitted:

A zip file hw1.zip includes all the files to support this project
A Pdf file hw1.pdf to briefly tell how you do this project and everyone’s contribution.
A YouTube video link to put in the comments to demo your project to prove its correctness and completeness.
Assignment Instructions
Create a file called arrayDemo.html. This file should contain a form that has both a reset button and submit button.  You should have inputs for: number of rows, number of columns, min random value, and max random value.  These values should be passed to the file you must create in step 2.
Create a file called arrayDemo.php
This file should have php code embedded inside of html code such that the server will return an html file (dynamically created) to the browser (client).
Your php code should do the following
Fill a 2D array with the correct number of rows and columns (from part 1) between the values specified in part 1.
Print the values of the array in a Table
Process the data in the array in the following manner. Create a 2nd table and print the following information.  Make sure to label data with proper column headers:
The sum of each row of data
The average of each row of data
The standard deviation of each row of data (https://www.mathsisfun.com/data/standard-deviation-formulas.htmlLinks to an external site.) (you can use an excel spreadsheet to easily calculate standard deviation to check your calculation).
Process the data in the following manner. Create a 3rd table and print the following information.  For a given row of data, print 2 rows in your table
In the first row print the original value from your 2D array
In the following row, print the string “positive” if the value is > 0, or the string “negative” if the element is < 0, or “zero” if the element == 0
 

You must make usage of the number_format() function to limit your decimal places to 3 where appropriate.
Make sure that the html page generated by your PHP file includes a link back to arrayDemo.html
A screen shot of working output is shown below. I did not require that you make the numbers left justified, centered, or right justified.  That is up to you.
